fix: improving k8s usecase support (#18)
spectrocloud/hello-universe: README.md

> [!NOTE]
> The `QUERY_K8S_API` environment variable is only used when deploying the Hello Universe application into a Kubernetes cluster. Enabling this environment variable will query the Kubernetes API for the service hostname. You can review the script in the `scripts/service-ip.sh`.

![K8s diagram](./static/img/k8s-diagram.png)

Inside the Hello Universe container, [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) is used as a reverse proxy to route requests to the API server. The API server is expected to be listening on port `3000`.

If the Hello Universe API is enabled for authorization, provide the `TOKEN` environment variable with the API authorization token. The default anonymous token is `"931A3B02-8DCC-543F-A1B2-69423D1A0B94"`. The reverse proxy will include the token when forwarding requests to the API server.

> ![TIP]

> > If you want to automatically inject the authorization token into the reverse proxy for all API requests. Uncomment the following line in the Caddyfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to automatically inject the authorization token into the reverse proxy for all API requests, uncomment line 29 in the Caddyfile under **/etc/caddy/**.
```
